Release version 0.2.0 (#16)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_link_common: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.2.0

> * API Breaking change:
>   * new structure `%NervesHubLinkCommon.Message.UpdateInfo{}` to be used for `apply_update/1`
> * New features:
>   * new function `currently_downloading_uuid/1`
> * Bug fix:
>   * `update_available: false` is now ignored
> 

Reviewer: Is this accurate?

```suggestion

This release has an API breaking change. You're probably using this library as a result of depending on `nerves_hub_link` so these changes won't affect your application code.

* New features
  * On reconnecting to a NervesHub instance, an firmware download that's in process will be reported
  
* Bug fixes
  * Properly ignore NervesHub responses that indicate no update is available.
  
* API breaking change:
  * `apply_update/1` now returns a `%NervesHubLinkCommon.Message.UpdateInfo{}`
```
